Change namespace from `PyRedPitaya` to `pyrp3` (#6)
linien-org/pyrp3: README.rst

pyrp3
=======

> Python 3 port (using 2to3) of `PyRedPitaya <https://github.com/clade/PyRedPitaya>`_ library in the pyrp3 namespace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Python 3 port (using 2to3) of `PyRedPitaya <https://github.com/clade/PyRedPitaya>`_ library in the `pyrp3` namespace.
```

Installation
============

> The process to install pyrp3 on the board requires the installation of Python first. See `this link <https://github.com/clade/RedPitaya/tree/master/python>`_.

Reviewer: Why is clade's fork needed? Is it because he managed to create a workflow for a reasonably high enough version of Python?

Author: Completely removed python installation instructions.

> To install pyrp3 on the computer run the command:: 

Reviewer: What do you mean by "on the computer"? You mean also on redpitaya I assume?

```suggestion
To install pyrp3 on any machine, run the command:: 
```
